Track 01.12
PART 2
Mark: Rachel?
You OK?
Rachel: Oh,
I'm sorry, love.
I'm just a bit worried.
Jo phoned today and said that the old
bookshop is going to be turned into
another florist's.
Mark: The bookshop on the corner?
I didn’t know they’d sold it.
Rachel: Me neither.
What am I going to do?
It's hard enough already to make money,
but I think it’s going to be impossible
with another florist’s in the same street.
Mark: Yeah ...
Was Jo sure about this?
Rachel: I don’t know.
She seemed pretty certain.
Mark: Well, if you ask me, it's not worth worrying about until we know for sure.
Rachel: I know
but I can't help it –
it's on my mind.
I was even rude to a customer today.
Mark: Really?
That's not like you. What happened?
Rachel: Well, I wasn't exactly rude,
just not very helpful.
Mark: Hey,
don't worry about it.
Let’s just forget about work.
Personally, I need a relaxing evening!
Rachel: Me too!
Mark: Anyway,
Tom and Becky will be here in a minute.
I think we should check on the food.
Rachel: Yes.
I don't want
anything else to go wrong today.
So, what’s Becky like?
Mark: That’ll be them now!